phase_took documentation (#5154)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/search.md

ignore_unavailable | Boolean | Specifies whether to include missing or closed indexes in the response. Default is false.
lenient | Boolean | Specifies whether OpenSearch should accept requests if queries have format errors (for example, querying a text field for an integer). Default is false.
max_concurrent_shard_requests | Integer | How many concurrent shard requests this request should execute on each node. Default is 5.

> phase_took | Boolean | Whether to return phase took times in the response. Default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
phase_took | Boolean | Whether to return phase-level `took` time values in the response. Default is false.
```
